(upbeat music)
- When you look at the bands,
that hook on the X3,
and the ground plate also,
they're very soft material
and they're designed to
give you hundreds of pounds.
When Dr. Shawn Baker does a deadlift,
he handles over 700 pounds at the top
because he's a very tall
guy, the taller you are,
the more stretch there is, he's six, four.
So incredible forces.
And these are also layered bands.
So sometimes the top layer
gets some tiny little nicks and scrapes.
Now obviously if there's
a cut in the band,
like through multiple layers
or through all the layers,
then that band should be replaced.
But what we've noticed is over time,
some of these bands just
get little nicks and fraze.
But it really has to do
with the fact that latex
is a very soft material.
And it gets little nicks and fraze in it,
but it still performs just fantastic.
Now coming up on three years,
I've been using X3
because I had it earlier
than everybody else.
You know, I designed it
and then got the prototype.
So, my first set of bands I still have,
they don't look pretty,
but they work perfectly.
So, the analogy I like to use is like,
a rubber tire on your car.
You can buy a new car with new tires on it
and the tires look great
and the car looks great.
You drive up 500 miles,
the car still looks great,
but the tires they don't look new anymore.
But they're still gonna
go another 10,000 miles.
So, it doesn't really matter.
So, don't worry too much about the bands
unless like I said there's a cut
that goes all the way through,
or something like that,
that one should be replaced.
And you know, we have customer service
for questions beyond that.